Dess doesn’t see the kid the next morning--Luke mentions something about training, and Dess isn’t going to ask questions--but in the afternoon, he escorts him to Vader’s private hangar with instructions from the man himself that Luke is to be allowed to work on any of the vehicles there. And so Dess takes him there, a smile tugging at his own cheeks at Luke’s obvious excitement. 

 

Luke insists on taking the long way even though there’s a corridor linking the private hangar directly to Vader’s quarters. And so the kid explores the ship under Dess’s watchful gaze, and Dess can’t help but watch as he bounces on the balls of his feet, flashing smiles at passing officers. Some of them smile hesitantly back, obviously confused, and Dess almost chuckles under his helmet. Luke seems to sense it and glances back at him, still smiling, always smiling. He asks questions about how things run on the Executor, and Dess answers and finds he isn’t annoyed. He doesn’t think it’s quite possible to be annoyed, though; the kid’s like a ray of light.

 

And by then, Dess has wrestled his confusion and questions into a tiny box in the back of his head. Whatever he expected Lord Vader’s son to be when he found out, it had not been Luke. But he’s not going to dwell on it. He’s going to do his job.

 

They arrive, and, at first, Dess stands guard outside the hangar door after Luke slips inside, watching troopers file past, trying to reconcile the rumors of the Death Star pilot with the barely twenty-year-old boy in the room behind him. To be fair, he’s only 26, but he’s never done anything quite so big. And Luke just seems like a kid still. 

 

His thoughts again drift briefly to all the troopers, all the people, killed aboard that space station. Dess hadn’t been anywhere near it, stationed in a remote outer rim outpost before he’d been promoted, and he hadn’t known anyone on it. And maybe it makes him heartless not to be angry, but this is war, and they’ve all done horrible things. He doesn’t even want to think of how many Imperial officers have been killed by Darth Vader alone. So he at least isn’t going to hold it against the kid. He wonders if Vader had known that when he’d assigned him to Luke.

 

He’s fairly sure it’s less than an hour later when he hears Luke’s voice filtering through the metal at his back. He jolts himself out of his thoughts and slams his gloved fist into the door controls, unsure how anyone had managed to infiltrate the hangar and also afraid his life is forfeit if Luke is hurt. But, as he casts his eyes quickly around the small hangar, cursing the limited range of his helmet’s vision, he sees no one but Luke, standing near one of the fighters, oil smeared on his cheek and grinning a bit sheepishly. All he says is, “It gets lonely sometimes.” 

 

Dess stares blankly back at the kid for at least five seconds, trying to get his brain to process the lack of an actual threat. Luke starts to speak again, his lips tugging down in apology, “Sorry, I didn’t mean to-” Dess cuts him off with a wave of his hand and just takes up a position across from the ship Luke’s working on. Luke’s smile returns before he disappears back beneath the shuttle. 

 

Dess takes the opportunity to take in the hangar. He’s never been inside, and he doesn’t know anyone who has. It’s not as large as the regular hangars, but the sheer variety of ships is startling. He’s known Vader is an excellent pilot, but it seems he also collects ships from across the galaxy. There are shuttles and TIEs--Dess has his suspicions that they’re heavily modified--but there are also fighters, colorful ones that he wouldn’t have expected, and an unusual sleek silver ship too.

 

But it doesn’t stay quiet for long, and he’s quickly brought back to reality when Luke starts talking again, “So where are you from?” 

 

The metal of the shuttle muffles his voice, but Dess only hears sincerity in the question. It’s not something he’s accustomed to hearing onboard the Executor where everyone’s too tired or stressed or angry or apathetic to really care. It’s a defense mechanism as much as anything: if you don’t bother to get to know someone, then you can’t be as hurt when they die. And maybe that’s horrible, but it’s the price of war, and it’s the way they live. 

 

But Luke is different. He doesn’t belong here, on this vessel of destruction, all austere lines, blacks, and greys. Even with the kid’s officer’s uniform, Dess can tell he doesn’t belong. Maybe it’s the smiles, the sincerity, the bounce in his step, the pure light and kindness he seems to radiate. Force, how can this be Darth Vader’s kid?

 

But Luke has asked him a question, and he hasn’t heard such genuine curiosity since he was a kid on “Lothal.”

 

“Oh, hey-” Dess hears a clang and then a slight hissing and can’t help raising his eyebrow at the mumbled “oops” that floats out from under the shuttle. But then Luke seems to fix whatever he’d done, the hissing fades, and he continues the conversation as if nothing’s happened. “I’m from the Outer Rim too!” He sounds actually excited that they have this in common, and Dess smiles as the kid continues, “Tatooine, actually. I’ve never been to Lothal. Do you miss it?”

 

And Dess hadn’t expected that, hasn’t thought about it in quite a long time, but… he supposes he does. “Sometimes,” is all he says, and he hopes Luke leaves it there.

 

And he does. Dess wonders if Luke can tell he’s reluctant to discuss it; the kid is unnervingly perceptive. The conversation falls into silence for a moment, but somehow Dess can’t leave it. He’s trained for years, knows not to ask questions; he’s been content to answer Luke’s inquiries but has resolved not to ask any of his own. It’s not his place. And yet he finds himself breaking the silence to ask, “Do you miss Tatooine?”

 

Luke’s feet--the only part of him Dess can see--shift slightly, and Dess wonders if he’s asked something he shouldn’t have. But then Luke is answering, “Not the planet. I couldn’t get away from there fast enough.” There’s a faint chuckle, but it carries a wistful tone, and Dess tilts his head slightly, expecting Luke to leave it there. “But sometimes I miss... the people, the memories, you know?” 

 

And Dess finds he does know. He thinks of his mother. He’d joined the empire to provide for her after his father died. He hasn’t seen her in years, not really. He sends money, and he calls when he has time. But it’s not the same. So he understands, and he’s about to say so when Luke calls out, louder than he’d been talking before but still muffled, “Hello, Father.”

 

Dess almost jumps out of his skin, his head whipping towards the door. And sure enough, the hulking form of Darth Vader fills the doorway, blocking all sight of the doorway, and seeming to suck the light from the room and air from his lungs. He’d been so lost in thought he hadn’t noticed the door sliding open. Kriff, his survival instincts are faltering. He has the feeling Luke knew he was there and only spoke to alert Dess, so he spares a moment to silently thank the boy for helping him before he throws his hand up in a salute, hoping Vader doesn’t notice the delay.

 

A moment later, he’s not sure why he bothered. Vader sweeps past him, cape whipping at Dess’s shins, without even looking at him. His footsteps echo in the wide-open hangar before he comes to a halt directly in front of Luke’s feet sticking out from under the shuttle. Luke doesn’t move, but Dess hears him huff out a breath, “Maybe try, I don’t know, knocking next time?”

 

Darth Vader’s mask inclines slightly, and his tone seems lighter somehow when he speaks, his respirator still resounding loudly,  “It is my ship, young one. I do not see why that is necessary.” If Dess happened to be insane, he might think the man is amused.

 

There’s a clanking for a moment from under the shuttle, and then Luke responds, “It’s polite.” 

 

“Very well,” and Dess doesn’t quite believe it when Vader then reaches a gloved hand out to the side of the shuttle and raps on it, the sound ringing in the silence. It appears gentle, but his strength sends vibrations through the whole ship, and Luke curses from underneath it in a language unfamiliar to Dess. Vader’s respirator crackles in what Dess would guess is a huff of laughter, and the man says, “Satisfied?”

 

Dess is not quite sure what he’s witnessing. If he knows one thing, it’s that Darth Vader cannot have a sense of humor. And yet…

 

Luke’s fingers finally appear at the edge of the ship as he pulls himself out from underneath it. Vader doesn’t move, so Luke ends up sitting at the man’s feet, oil on his face and in his blond hair as he cranes his head back to look up at the dark mask. Luke’s not smiling, his face the picture of annoyance as he says, “You made me drop the hydro spanner,” but Dess can tell, even from his position, that there’s happiness clear as day in the boy’s bright eyes.

 

And Dess can’t help himself, he smiles beneath his helmet. Now he can definitely see the father-son dynamic. 

 

He also thinks, after everything he’s heard, he can’t be surprised anymore, but then Vader says, “Then I shall have to assist you,” and Dess resolves never again to assume that nothing can surprise him.

 

Luke seemingly hadn’t expected it either because his whole face lights up, the picture of youthful eagerness, “Really?”

 

Vader doesn’t respond, just inclines his head, and Dess isn’t sure why he’s still allowed to be here. But as soon as he thinks it, Luke’s eyes flick to him, and he sees Vader track Luke’s gaze back to Dess. It seems he’d forgotten Dess was here. Dess pushes down a smile at that; Vader is known for his hyper-awareness, but apparently, his son requires his full attention. There’s a gruff, “Dismissed,” and a wave of the man’s hand, and then the mask is turning back to Luke. Dess doesn’t need to be told twice; no one on the Executor does; if they had, they’re dead now. 

 

He pivots sharply on his heel and crosses the hangar quickly, pressing the door control. It slides open, and he exits into the hall, turning slightly as the door closes behind him. He thinks he sees Vader pull the dropped hydro spanner to his hand and point at some piece of machinery on the shuttle while Luke nods thoughtfully, a smile still clearly visible on his face, before the door slides shut with a whisper.