Dess has no idea why he’s being called to Vader’s private quarters. He desperately tries to rack his brain for any possible mistake or misstep that could have led to this nightmare. But he can’t think of anything. He’s glad for once, as he marches down the Executor’s hallways, of the restrictive helmet that hides his face from the other officers and troopers hurrying past him. Even though he doubts they’d pay much attention, too focused on doing their own jobs to notice the rising panic of one stormtrooper. But he’s trained for most of his life, and so he keeps walking, his steps never faltering, down the uniform grey halls.

 

It doesn’t have to be a death sentence. It’s not like everyone who enters Vader’s offices doesn’t leave. Admiral Piett seems quite adept at continuing to walk away from interactions with the man. Was he a man, though? Dess has never interacted with him personally, has certainly seen his towering figure around the ship and during assaults, but never up close. From a distance had always been enough for him. There aren’t quite words, at least that he knows, for how Vader makes him feel. He’s more than intimidating with that skeletal mask and height that makes everyone crane their necks to even talk with him. Dess starts to feel a sort of pervasive numbness whenever he’s in the same room as Darth Vader, like it leeches from the darkness of his suit with every chilling exhale of his respirator.

 

Dess shakes his head minutely; he’s overblowing this. It’ll be fine. He remembers his friends’ scared and pitying faces when he’d gotten the comm while in the middle of a sabacc game in their quarters and quickly pushes the image aside, nausea threatening. He’s survived this much: battles and attacks and working on the Executor. He’ll make it through this too, whatever this is.

 

And whatever he had thought this was, when he stops in front of Vader’s door--which slides open before he can even knock--and sees inside the quarters, he is thoroughly caught off guard. 

 

Dess isn’t quite sure what he’s looking at, to be honest, and it’s certainly not what he expected. A blond-haired boy, oddly familiar and dressed in an officer’s black uniform, is standing far closer to Darth Vader than he’s ever seen anyone dare. But what has really stopped Dess in his tracks is the fact that Darth Vader is not attempting to murder the boy, nor threaten him, but resting a gloved hand on the boy’s shoulder. And the boy is smiling. 

 

Dess is sure of two things in that moment. One: he understands nothing going on here. And two: he probably is not supposed to be seeing whatever this is, which does not bode well for him. 

 

He swallows thickly. His job is not to understand or to question but to obey, and so he tries, once again, to push down his fear and panic on intruding--the door had opened for him after all, so it’s not all his fault--and steps into the room, his white armor thudding loudly against the metal floor.

 

And that seems to do it. The moment is broken, and the boy turns, dislodging Lord Vader’s hand on his shoulder, but the smile never leaves his face. In fact, it seems to widen as his gaze lands on Dess, his startingly bright blue eyes widening as his grin grows. Dess is quickly distracted from the stranger, his self-preservation instincts drawing his attention to the threat still looming over the boy’s shoulder like a deadly apparition.

 

Sure enough, Vader’s gaze is fixed on him, and Dess straightens his spine as much as possible. “TK-4472 reporting, my lord.” The mask tilts minutely, and Dess represses a shudder at having Lord Vader’s full attention firmly fixed on him.

 

The spell is then broken again by the boy, as he crosses the room in quick strides and offers his hand as if Dess is someone he’s just met in a cantina. But of course, the boy can’t see Dess’s bewilderment, what with his helmet on, and he’s still smiling as he says, “I’m Luke. It’s nice to meet you.” And it’s so sincere that Dess blinks.

 

He’s so confused. He looks down, staring wildly at the hand extended between them, unsure of the protocol here. The boy--Luke, he had said--doesn’t seem to be a prisoner, at least not from his interactions within Vader. Speaking of Vader, Dess glances to him for some kind of instruction, but he just stands imposingly and unmoving where he’d been a moment before. Dess looks back at the boy, still smiling brightly, and then back at the hand, and he gets the distinct feeling this is a test.

 

But his mother raised him to be polite, and the boy, Luke, seems nice enough, so he raises his gloved hand and grasps the outstretched fingers. He hadn’t thought it possible, but Luke’s smile brightens even more. Dess has no clue where he finds all this carefree happiness while in Lord Vader’s numbing presence. Even as he thinks that, though, he realizes that he hasn’t felt that numbness at all since he entered the room. Luke drops his hand after a firm shake, and Dess isn’t sure whether he’s passed the test or not. He very much hopes so.

 

And then Darth Vader is striding forward, cape fluttering behind him, adding to his not quite human aura. He comes to a halt beside Luke, and when he speaks, his voice is the exact opposite of the bright, welcoming tone of the boy: a deep, rumbling bass, “You have a new assignment. You are now Luke’s protection on this ship. You will escort him whenever he leaves these quarters-” Dess catches Luke’s eye roll out of the corner of his helmet’s vision and stifles a small smile at the boy’s attitude, “and assign the troopers you deem necessary for his safety. You will protect him with your life.” The deep rumble somehow seems to drop even lower into a bone-chilling hiss, and Dess finally feels the numbness seep into his skin that had so far been missing from the room with Vader’s next words, “I am sure I do not have to remind you what will happen should you fail, trooper.”

 

Dess ignores the churn of his stomach but doesn’t get the chance to respond before Luke beats him to it. “Father…”

 

His mind blanks. Had Luke just…? Father? Guess that does mean there’s a man beneath that suit, Dess muses. And then almost kicks himself: that’s what his first thought had been? He’s still not sure he’s processing anything, much less that Luke’s tone had been slightly admonishing as if he… what? Disapproved of his--kriff, his father’s --methods of discipline?

 

He once again tries to pull his whirling mind back to the present. He needs his wits about him; he can sort all this out later. Partly because Dess is now worried that maybe he shouldn’t know this information and Vader will kill him for even being here. But as soon as he manages to focus, he sees Luke glaring at his father, and the mask appears to be staring impassively back, dark and towering, but Luke doesn’t flinch. It’s like some kind of staring contest or telepathic conversation. And from all the rumors he’s heard of Darth Vader, he wouldn’t put it past the man. And if this boy is his son--nine-hells it’s his son , Dess is still in shock--then it makes sense he would have the same magical powers. Dess doesn’t dare twitch a muscle as the respirator cycles in the silence.

 

And then Vader’s mask inclines slightly, as if in concession? Dess doesn’t even want to know at this point; he just hopes he isn’t a dead man. Vader pivots back towards him, but he doesn’t even glance at Dess. The man’s hand raises and rests on Luke’s shoulder for a single breath, and then it’s falling back down, and he’s sweeping past Dess, a towering figure of power and darkness. As he reaches the door, he turns sharply, “Speak of this to no one,” and then he’s gone. Dess salutes almost as an afterthought and barely contains a sigh of relief when the metal door hisses shut behind the man.

 

Luke lets out a laugh, and it startles Dess despite all his military training, his head whipping back from the door to look at the boy, Vader’s son . Luke is still smiling--does he never stop?--when he speaks, “He can be-” he seems to search for the right words to encompass Darth Vader but seems to come up as short as Dess always does and settles for, “a lot sometimes.” That’s an understatement, Dess thinks hysterically. But then Luke’s smiling apologetically, but he’s still smiling, “Sorry about that.”

 

Dess opens his mouth to say something and promptly shuts it. What is he supposed to say to that? What does he say to anything that’s just happened?

 

Luke seems to recognize his confusion because he quickly takes back control of the conversation, “Do you want to take your helmet off?” He chuckles, “I know from experience they’re not the most comfortable things.”

 

That just confuses him more. Had Lord Vader’s son been a stormtrooper? But then he looks back at Luke, and he’s struck by a much more pressing question: what’s the protocol for dealing with his commander’s son? Is there a certain title? Dess just wants to go back to his bunk. “I’m not sure that’s appropriate-” He casts his mind about for the right appellation. Better safe than sorry, “my lord.”

 

Luke’s smile falters for the briefest moment, and Dess has a horrible flash of fear that Lord Vader can sense that he’s upset his son and is going to tear back into the room and tear him limb from limb. But then the smile is back, a bit softer than before, his eyes searching Dess’s helmet, eventually finding, unerringly accurately, Dess’s gaze.

 

Dess almost flinches from the intensity of the blue, how expressive and bright those eyes are. He’s struck again by how different this boy and Darth Vader are: everything from their posture to their demeanor. Luke’s unflinching happiness, blond hair, blue eyes, and Vader’s impassive black mask, red-tinted lenses. But here, caught in the boy’s inscrutable gaze like he’s a ship stuck in a tractor beam, unable to look away, he can suddenly see the resemblance, the hidden power. He feels like he’s being dissected, exactly how Vader had done it minutes before.

 

And then Luke blinks, and it’s gone, and he’s the short, blond, smiling boy Dess still towers over. He speaks again, voice softer, “Just Luke is fine.” Before Dess can object, Luke continues, “What’s your name?”

 

Dess thinks he knows what the boy wants, but he’s not about to assume so, “TK-4472, sir.” He decides to take it a step down with the title but still doesn’t drop it completely.

 

Luke rolls his eyes but doesn’t press that issue; instead, “Not your number, your name.”

 

So Dess had been correct in his assumption. And he’s tired and still in shock, and Luke somehow seems to radiate trustworthiness and kindness, so Dess tells him. And Luke just smiles again and says, “Nice to meet you, Dess. I’m Luke, Luke Skywalker.”

 

And Dess almost has another heart attack right there. 

 

So that’s why the boy had looked familiar: the famous rebel pilot with a gigantic bounty on his head, largely suspected to have blown up the Death Star. Luke laughs out loud again, bright as a star, seemingly at Dess’s reaction, and just offers him a tour of the rooms. Dess nods slowly, pulling himself back to reality, scared his brain is shutting down from all the absolutely bewildering information it’s had to absorb in the past ten minutes. But he shakes his head to clear it, and then he follows the one and only Luke Skywalker, son of Darth Vader, on a tour of rooms in the Supreme Commander of the Imperial Force’s private quarters. He schedules his mental breakdown for 2200 later in his bunk.